---
title: "Reading Notes (December 2019 - January 2020)"
date: 2020-01-22T16:46:05-05:00
draft: false
---

# Reading Notes (December 2019 - January 2020)

## _The Soul of a New Machine_, Tracy Kidde

This book's reputation precedes it. I had high expectations and it met them. I
watched all seasons of "Halt and Catch Fire" recently and that show is very much
the fictional portrayal of this book. As a result, some parts felt less
interesting because I felt like I knew what was coming already (looking at you,
section about engineers playing "Adventure").

I found this book inspiring and wouldn't be surprised if I reread it in the
future. I'll never get tired of reading books like this and _Masters of Doom_,
where smart people work around the clock to accomplish the impossible.

## _Automate the Boring Stuff with Python, 2nd ed._, Al Sweigart

I took a handful of CS classes in college before switching majors (all A's,
thank you very much). So when I read this book at my first job after college, I
wasn't really "new" to programming - but I also had absolutely no idea how to do
anything really useful. Reversing a linked-list is not often useful.

Reading the first version of this book completely blew my mind. I felt like I
was God, automating task after task at my job. I eventually wrote an ETL process
that was usually ran by hand in Python. That took a weekly task from taking 4
hours to one that took about 4 seconds. I don't think it's an exaggeration to
say that reading this book changed my life path toward being a programmer.

So, I saw that there was a new version and I wanted to revisit it. The book
still seems great and if you're completely new to programming (or Python) then I
think this is a fantastic resource. I can't recommend it enough!

## _The Lathe of Heaven_, Ursula Le Guin

This book is good. I enjoyed reading it. It's the first Le Guin book I've read,
but it won't be that way for long. This book seemed to inhabit the same mindset
I get when reading Vonnegut or Philip K. Dick - I can never really tell what is
genuinely happening in the world and what is some kind of hyperbole or
dream-state (ha). That feeling fit this book more than most and made for an
interesting (and anxiety-inducing) experience.
